hi everyone in this video I'll be
showing you how to use Gemini AI API Cur
request and then later use it with
Postman so let's get started so first
thing just Google jini a API and if you
scroll down you'll be having the build
with that Gemini API just click it and
you want to sign in with your Google
account after that click on this get API
key in Google AI
studio and here you'll be having a space
where you can run your sample prompts
and also you can test the image video
audio file inputs also and to the left
we'll be having a documentation option
click
here and expand this getting started
tutorials and we'll be having at the
bottom rest API click
that and here if you scroll
down this is going to be the text only
input and this is the Cur request that
we have over here and this is for Gemini
pro model which is the text only input
model
so we can just copy this and now go to
postman and you need to sign in inside
your Postman okay sign in and at the top
you'll be having this import
option and we can just paste the copied
code and automatically it will add the
URL the post the body all the necessary
parameters okay so we need to only
change the key because we here we need
to add our API key so for doing that go
to the interface again and and we'll be
having get APA
key and just click on create AP key so
in case if you're using it for the first
time you will have this option enabled
or else you can just click on your
project and then click on this create
API
key then copy the API key in case if you
want you can just delete them also I'll
go here now remove this value completely
and paste your API key so now if you see
the URL here you can see we will be
having the query param okay we will be
having the value for the query param so
now in the body we can just change the
prompt so I will just go with essay on
global warming something like this and
just click on
send and we'll be getting the response
so this is the response js on that we
get the entire thing and you can also
change and play around with the request
body over here the input request body
you can just had the max tokens the
temperature so many customization can be
done over here also and this is a super
cool and a handy way you know to access
the Gemini API and see the sample
response rather than creating a separate
backend code and hitting the API so this
is a easiest and a shortcut way so I
hope you have found this video useful
guys do check the playlist of my channel
done a lot of videos in Gemini AI API as
well as open API and other AI tools and
many cred operations so subscribe me
thanks for watching watching